# Random Password Generator
This software allows you to generate random passwords. The randomness comes from atmospheric noise, which for many purposes is better than the pseudo-random number algorithms typically used in computer programs.

## What makes a password strong?
* _**Long**_: The more secure a password, the longer it is. A strong password should have at least 10 characters.
* _**Complex**_: Strong passwords combine letters, numbers, cases, and symbols to create a random string of characters that does not resemble words or names.
* _**Unique**_: To limit susceptibility in the case of a hack, a strong password should be unique to each account.

## Is Random Password Generator safe to use?
Absolutely! This Random Password Generator generates a random password consisting of numbers, characters, and symbols by utilizing natural entropy contained in fluctuations in air pressure. The characters generated by this auto password generator are completely random and will not be transmitted over the internet, resulting in the most secure password generated throughout the password generator procedure. No one, not even the developer, has access to your personal password.

## Why should I use a password generator?
Passwords may be quickly and readily guessed by computers. Any hacker with a typical desktop computer could try billions of different passwords in a matter of seconds. We've created an online password generator to assist you in keeping your personal information safe. To generate really safe, random passwords, this open-source password generator uses mathematical randomness from an algorithm.

Most individuals are bad at choosing random passwords and instead use popular names, numbers, and characters. Regardless of how intelligent you believe you are, most computers can quickly guess human-generated passwords. Using a mix of alphanumeric letters and unique symbols to create a password assures its security.

## Do I need a unique password for every account?
Yes, it is crucial to have a unique password for every online account you might have. Once passwords get saved due to a security breach, the hackers often keep them in a leaked password database. Protect yourself from having your personal information exposed on the dark web by using the Random Password Generator. It will create random passwords for you to use for each account to never have to recycle your passwords again.

## What are the requirements for a strong password?
To construct a strong password, use cryptographic entropy to generate random passwords. Unfortunately, human-generated passwords are inherently insecure. Why? Because when humans type on a keyboard, they follow predictable patterns. No matter how brilliant you believe you are, a hacker guessing billions of different passwords will most likely crack it. The password generator generates lengthy and cryptographically safe characters in real time. These characters are created directly on your computer. The devloper does not generate, send, receive, or store passwords. When you want to utilize the power of your computer and its flawless cryptographic capability, the auto password generator is a wonderful tool to employ.

### How does it work?
This random password generator makes securing your account a breeze. You can generate random strong passwords instantly using this software. Here's how it works:
The password generator lets you choose the length and number of passwords to generate, so that you can choose the password you want to use.
The password generator's diverse pool of lowercase characters, upper case characters, numbers and special characters allows it to create truly unpredictable random passwords.
This random password generator makes it simple and quick to build secure, impossible-to-guess passwords. It is the fastest random password generator accessible due to its user-friendly design and vast pool of characters.
Each random password is generated by robust cryptographic algorithms that run locally on your computer's processor, without transmitting any data over the internet.
